Updated OOO handoff process (#6712)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/people.md

### Taking time off

When you take any time off, you should follow this process:

> - Let your manager and team know as soon as possible (e.g., post a message in your team's Slack channel with when and how long).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Let your manager and team know as soon as possible (i.e., post a message in your team's Slack channel with when and how long).
```

> - Find someone to cover anything that needs covering while you're out and communicate what they need to be able to take over the responsibilities as well as who to refer to for help. (i.e., meetings, planned tasks, unfinished business, important Slack/email threads, anything where someone might be depending on you).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find someone to cover anything that needs covering while you're out and communicate what they need to take over the responsibilities as well as who to refer to for help (e.g., meetings, planned tasks, unfinished business, important Slack/email threads, anything where someone might be depending on you).
```
